Flying around reduces the amount of your fuel left.
Walking around reduces the amount of your energy.
Fly carefully.
Walk carefully.
If you run out of enery or fuel the game is over.
If your health bar reaches zero the game is over.
Find at least seven parts to repair your shuttle.
Having a full inventory drains more battery power.
Having a full inventory has a negative effect on your \n fuel reserves.
Just move over other objects to interact with them.
According to an ancient legend, the robot race has \n been created in just seven days.
Contrary to popular belief robots are not related to \n Cylons.
Robots were build to serve. Do you believe that?
Robot prostitution is prohibited since 2142.
Stay alive for 42 days and you get pie. I wouldn't lie, \n would I?
You can only stay alive for five days without shelter.
Just a note: In real life, there are no 6 foot tall \n batteries lying around on island planets.
In real life, you probably wouldn't find fuel for free \n lying around either.
In real life, nobody leaves stuff behind to repair a \n space shuttle.
This is game is nothing like real life.
That blue surface isn't water, seriously.
The surface isn't water, ok? It's some ...err... blue \n strato... atmosphere.
Soon available: Survival Guide for Nerds: How to go \n outside.
Soon available: Survival Guide for Time Travelers: Don't \n step on any flies.
Soon available: Survival Guide for Vampires: Bite or being \n bitten.
Soon available: Survival Guide for Werewolves: Can't wait \n for the next full moon.
Soon available: Survival Guide for Zombies: I'm sorry, you \n can't have brain tonight.
Robots have a terrible secret: Their "skin" sparkles in \n sunlight.
Robots are very sensible.
You can always count on a robot.
You don't have a robot at home? Buy one online.
Available in 2344: jRobot - The new sensation. Pre-order \n now.
Robots cannot travel to parallel universes.
Stay alive. It's easier than you think.
Dying can be hazardous to your virtual life.
It's not that big of a planet, but don't get lost.
Robots from China are not yellow-colored.
Robot racism is still a problematic issue.
The robot automatically activates his jetpack if he is \n not walking on an island.
How can you tell if a robot is male or female?
I am alive. Just kidding. Got you.
This could be your message here.
Donate for a good cause and help orphan robots.
Most of these messages are nonsense.
Fun facts are fun, aren't they?
Some of these messages are useful.
Some of these messages can prevent you from virtual death.
Do not underestimate the effects of virtual death.
Keep in mind, if you virtually die you will never play \n this robot again, but a clone of him.
Does the robot cease to exist if he dies?
Just an urban Myth: If you ask a robot "1011010110110?", \n the robot will die instantly.
So, there is no minimap. Do you always have a minimap \n in real life?
You can't use your spaceship as shelter, errr ... there \n is some toxic radiation stuff there.
So, yeah, pixel collision is not working perfectly \n all the time. But it's still ok, right?
Have you read all of these messages?
Have you noticed that batteries are bigger than space \n ships? Crazy world, huh.
Robots love kitties ... and whales ... and octopuses \n ... and aliens ... and all other kinds of stuff.
Not all aliens look the same... just sayin'.
If robots would plan an uprising against humans they \n would let you know. Fair is fair.
There are rumors that there is a robot god who created \n the universe. 
Clearly robots have been manufactured by humans. \n Or that's what they like you to believe.
The creator of this game is a robot himself. \n All praise the creator.
